README.md, before:

# 05 Third-Party APIs: Work Day Scheduler

Create a simple calendar application that allows the user to save events for each hour of the day. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by jQuery.

You'll need to use the [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/) library to work with date and time. Be sure to read the documentation carefully and concentrate on using Moment.js in the browser.

## User Story

```
AS AN employee with a busy schedule
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
    write a postCurrentDay function to return the current day and set it as the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with timeblocks for standard business hours
WHEN I view the timeblocks for that day
THEN each timeblock is color coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a timeblock
THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that timeblock
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist
```

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

![day planner demo](./Assets/05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif)

## Review

You are required to submit the following for review:

* The URL of the deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository. Give the repository a unique name and include a README describing the project.

- - -
© 2019 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

added text areas properly and started save function

README.md, after:

# 05 Third-Party APIs: Work Day Scheduler

Create a simple calendar application that allows the user to save events for each hour of the day. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by jQuery.

You'll need to use the [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/) library to work with date and time. Be sure to read the documentation carefully and concentrate on using Moment.js in the browser.

## User Story

```
AS AN employee with a busy schedule
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
    write a postCurrentDay function to return the current day and set it as the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with timeblocks for standard business hours
WHEN I view the timeblocks for that day
THEN each timeblock is color coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
    write a function to get the currentTime
    write a function that updates timeblocks given the time
WHEN I click into a timeblock
THEN I can enter an event
    add an event listener for timeblocks. use event delegation
WHEN I click the save button for that timeblock
    add an event listener for save buttons
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
    write a function to save the event text to storage. use a property from the timeblock as the key
WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist
    write a render timeblocks function that takes timeblock objects from local storage and stores the event text. when it renders it will set the timeblock colour, event text etc.
```

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

![day planner demo](./Assets/05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif)

## Review

You are required to submit the following for review:

* The URL of the deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository. Give the repository a unique name and include a README describing the project.

- - -
© 2019 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.
